# prolog
Playground for all things Prolog-related. I am especially interested in trying to use it for structural engineering. 

## HTML Generation

See `htmlgen.pl`. First we declare the `go` predicate. This is called by the Makefile using the command `swipl -s htmlgen.pl -g go -t halt`. The command imports `htmlgen.pl` as a script, calls the `go` predicate to initialize, and then finally calls `halt` which shuts down the interpreter.

```prolog
go :- current_output(S), html(S).
```

It uses the `current_output/1` predicate to tell Prolog to print to the command line. Then it uses `html/1` to write the html code to the stream, `S`. The stream `S` is assigned to the `current_output` stream--a built-in predicate in SWI Prolog.

The `html/1` predicate has the job of writing the overall document. Everything is here. There is the `DOCTYPE` tag, the open and closing `html` tags and the two sections of any HTML file: the HEAD and BODY. These are the next predicates to make.

```prolog
html(S) :-
    write(S, '<!DOCTYPE html>\n'),
    write(S, '<html>\n'),
    head(S),
    body(S),
    write(S, '</html>\n').

```

Now that we have our `html/1` predicate, we need to generate the head and then the body. We will look at these one at a time starting with `head/1`. 

```prolog
head(S) :-
    write(S, '<head>\n'),
    title(S),
    style(S),
    write(S, '</head>\n').
```

The predicate takes a stream and writes the open and closing `head` tags. Between these it writes the title and a style block. Overall it is a primitive HTML document. The program is for learning purposes only. It is not intended to be used for production anytime soon.

You get the idea. Here are the rest of them en masse.

```prolog
title(S) :-
    write(S, '<title>My Manual HTML Page</title>\n').

style(S) :-
    write(S, '<style>\n'),
    write(S, '  body { font-family: sans-serif; }\n'),
    write(S, '</style>\n').

body(S) :-
    write(S, '<body>\n'),
    write(S, '<h1>Hello from Prolog!</h1>\n'),
    write(S, '<p>This page was generated by hand-written Prolog code.</p>\n'),
    write(S, '</body>\n').
```
